Improve monitoring section (#118)
percona/everest-doc: docs/use/monitor_endpoints.md

4. In the **Endpoint** field, enter the PMM URL. Enter the credentials received upon installing PMM in the **User** and **Password** field.

    !!! warning
        When setting up a new monitoring instance, if your PMM instance uses a self-signed certificate, skip the **Verify TLS verification** checkbox.        

6. Click **Add**.

### Enable monitoring

#### Enable monitoring for a new cluster

You can enable monitoring for your cluster while creating the database.

To enable monitoring for your database cluster, follow these steps:
{.power-number}

1. From the Percona Everest Home page, click **Create Database**. The **Create Database** wizard opens.

2. Navigate till you reach the **Monitoring** page.

3. Turn on the **Enable monitoring** toggle.

    ![!image](../images/monitoring_db_cluster.png)

4. Select the **Monitoring endpoint** from the drop down.

5.  Click **Create Database**. This will allow you to  monitor your database cluster.

### Enable monitoring for an existing cluster

You can enable monitoring for your cluster even after the database has been created.

To enable monitoring for your database cluster, follow these steps:
{.power-number}

> 1. Navigate to the Percona Everest homepage and choose the database cluster you want to enable for monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Percona Everest homepage and choose the database cluster you want to monitor.
```
